API: Add 'with_networkports' option to getItems endpoint (#8688)
glpi-project/glpi: apirest.md

  * *searchText* (default NULL): array of filters to pass on the query (with key = field and value the text to search)
  * *is_deleted* (default: false): Return deleted element. Optional.
  * *add_keys_names*: Retrieve friendly names. Array containing fkey(s) and/or "id". Optional.

>   * *with_networkports*: Retrieve all network's connections and advanced network's informations. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * *with_networkports*: Retrieve all network connections and advanced information. Optional.
```

Author: Ok, I've updated others places where this args was documented so we have the same everywhere.
